Program Name: HBV_Ensemble

Citations:
AghaKouchak A., Nakhjiri N., and Habib E., 2013, An educational model for ensemble streamflow simulation and uncertainty analysis, Hydrology and Earth System Sciences, 17, 445-452, doi:10.5194/hess-17-445-2013.

AghaKouchak A., Habib E., 2010, Application of a Conceptual Hydrologic Model in Teaching Hydrologic Processes, International Journal of Engineering Education, 26(4), 963-973.

Inpt files:

1) inputPrecipTemp.txt    	(includes 4 columns: (I) date; (II) month ID; (III) Temperature (celcus); and (IV) precipitation (mm/day).

2) inputMonthlyTempEvap.txt     (includes 3 columns: (I) Monthly Temperature (celcus); (II) Monthly Potential Evapotranspiration; and (III) Mean Daily Potential Evapotranspiration (mm/day).

3) Qobs.txt            	        (includes 1 column: Observed Runoff (Q) in cubic meters per second (CMS)

4) BV.txt                       Lower and upper bounds of the model parameters

5) IV.txt                       Initial conditions, watershed information and number of simulations          



The parameter estimation and uncertainty analysis is based on the GLUE concept using any of the following Objective functions:

1)Qrms 		(Root mean square error)
2)NSC  		(Nash-Sutcliff Coefficient)
3)Correlation	(Correlation Coefficient)


Disclaimer:
This program (hereafter, software) is designed for instructional and educational use only. Research and commercial use is prohibited. The software is provided 'as is' without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. The software could include technical or other mistakes, inaccuracies or typographical errors. The use of the software is done at your own discretion and risk and with agreement that you will be solely responsible for any damage and that the authors and their affiliate institutions accept no responsibility for errors or omissions in the software or documentation. In no event shall the authors or their affiliate institutions be liable to you or any third parties for any special, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever.


For technical questions contact:
Dr. Amir AghaKouchak
Dept. Civil & Environmental Engineering
University of California Irvine
amir.a@uci.edu

Acknowledgment:

We are grateful to many colleagues and graduate students who offered valuable comments and suggestions for improvements. These individuals include Leonardo Valerio Noto, Ali Mehran, Jeff Tuhtan, Nasrin Nasrollahi, Mehdi Rezaeian Zadeh, Naveen Duggi and Mehdi Javadian. I offer special thanks to students of Watershed Modeling class (University of California, Irvine) who participated in a survey on their learning gains. I apologize to those whose names unintentionally might have been omitted.

